“Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses you’re understanding. It is the bitter potion by which the physician within you heals your sick self. Therefore trust the physician, and drink his remedy in silence and tranquility.” - Kahlil Gibran
“If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were.” - Kahlil Gibran
“A ship is safe in harbor, but that’s not what ships are for.”
"Listen to the mustn'ts, child. Listen to the don'ts. Listen to the shouldn'ts, the impossibles, the won'ts. Listen to the never haves, then listen close to me... Anything can happen, child. Anything can be" - Shell Silverstein
"We suffer more often in imagination than in reality." - seneca
"Be as you wish to seem" - Socretes
"we must be careful who we pretend to be, because we are who we pretend to be" - Vonnegut
"Its okay to go through awful places, just don't stop and unpack"
"One moment of patience, in a moment of anger, can save a thousand moments of regret"
“Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not; nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not; the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan Press On! has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race.” - Calvin Coolidge
“Biology is really Chemistry. Chemistry is really Physics. Physics is really Math. Math is really hard.”
"The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried"
"Sucking at something is the first step towards being sorta good at something"
“Every lie we tell incurs a debt to the truth. Sooner or later that debt is paid.” - Valery Legasov
“Even the finest sword plunged into salt water will eventually rust.” – Sun Tzu
"If you have a problem, and then you spend a bunch of energy worrying and fretting about it, then you have two problems"
“Have you ever been in love? Horrible, isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up. You build up all these defenses. You build up this whole armor, for years, so nothing can hurt you, then one stupid person, no different from any other stupid person, wanders into your stupid life… You give them a piece of you. They don't ask for it. They do something dumb one day like kiss you, or smile at you, and then your life isn't your own anymore. Love takes hostages. It gets inside you. It eats you out and leaves you crying in the darkness, so a simple phrase like "maybe we should just be friends" or "how very perceptive" turns into a glass splinter working its way into your heart. It hurts. Not just in the imagination. Not just in the mind. It's a soul-hurt, a body-hurt, a real gets-inside-you-and-rips-you-apart pain. Nothing should be able to do that. Especially not love. I hate love.” ― Neil Gaiman
